Reason you applied for aid


Sir/Maa'm
With due respect i beg to say that , I'm a student from India and want to learn Machine Learning. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as an intern.But I've no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my  scholarship. In this circumstance,  it is very much difficult  for me  to  gather such amount of money for the certificate.Because my  Financial condition is not good.Help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.So I'm badly in need of this financial aid. Receiving this,Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of  Coursera courses, which in turn will help me in future .Sir I are brother and two sister , Me and one my elder sister is in learning state and one my elder sister is not learning becasue of financial issue . It becomes a lot difficult for the family members to pay the whole amount for all the three of us and if I add up my course it will make even harder for them to pay. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject.




How will your selected course help with your goals?


I want to take this course as I want to learn Machine Learning. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that  I  can put a good CV to a get applied to a job.During course lerning I will completed all the assiment before all the compititor which is provided by coursera.I hopefully to wants to join this course is better for my furture.I perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors.I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to. supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity. So i request to you sir, please you give one opportinuty to makes own furture. 